RELIGION	
Well, looking at the videos it seems that this fire started in various
places at the same time, which would indicate that this was a planned
action. I'm sure FBI and BATF didn't *deliberately* start a possible
fire, having a sniper kill Korresh would have been a far easier 
method. Looking at the careful operation, and use of tear gas
that as I know don't start fires, it is less likely that this 
was the case.

Sorry, but my bets are on fanatical people keen to start
Armageddon -- theirs.

Cheers,
Kent



AUTO
This is very curious being that they are both built by Mercury in the
very same factory.

Steve

BASEBALL

It's not a cliche, and (unlike your comments below) it's not a tautology.
It needn't have been true.  If every pitcher in baseball were essentially
the same in quality (i.e. if the variance of pitching ability were much
smaller than the variance of batting ability), then scoring runs would be
much more important than preventing them, simply because the *ability* to
actively prevent runs would be much weaker.


If that's your point, you should have said so.  What you in fact said was
"Pitching and defense win championships", and later "Pitching is the essence
of baseball".  Neither of which says what you are now claiming was "your 
point", and neither of which is true.


And you accuse Sherri of mouthing cliches!?


It's not clear to me at all that this is true.  In high-scoring games, the
team with the better offense wins a high percentage of the time.  In low-
scoring games, the split is essentially 50/50 regardless of team ability.


I thought you said "pitching and defense win championships" and "pitching is
the essence of baseball".


POLITICS

I'm really surprised Clinton hasn't already tried to do this.  He seems
to want to tackle other irrelevant issues first, so why not this one as well.


Wrong.  We need its capability.  Sure it has its problems, very few
airplanes haven't, but getting rid of something we need is not the
answer.  What do you want to do, start over a rebuild a new airplane
from scatch?  It'll have its problems as well and there will be calls
again, for it to be scrapped.  THe other option is to try to extend
the life of the C-5s and C-141s that are getting extremely old.


It'll cost jobs, but I'm for it.  We especially don't need a B-2. THe
SSN-21, I know litttle about.

AUTOS

That will make it easy for a car thief.
Saves him/her the trouble of popping your ignition!

MEDICINE

    Do you swim nude in a public swimming pool?  :)  I doubt sperm can
penetrate swimsuit material, assuming they aren't immediately dispersed
by water currents.

MEDICINE
	
One should be aware that foreign doctors admitted for training
are ineligible to apply for resident alien status.  In order
to get the green card they have to return to their country and
apply at the embassy there.  Of course, many somehow get around
this problem.  Often it is by agreeing to practice in a town
with a need and then the congressman from that district tacks
a rider onto a bill saying "Dr. X will be allowed to have permanent
residency in the US."  A lot of bills in congress have such riders
attached to them.  Marrying a US citizen is the most common, although
now they are even cracking down on that and trying to tell US
citizens they must follow their spouse back to the Phillipines, or
whereever.



-- 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gordon Banks  N3JXP      | "Skepticism is the chastity of the intellect, and
geb@cadre.dsl.pitt.edu   |  it is shameful to surrender it too soon." 